Update supervisor.md (#3923)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/guide/tutorial-8-the-supervisor.md

## Tutorial 8: the Supervisor (30 Minutes)

> This tutorial will explore how to achieve some tasks using a [Supervisor](../reference/supervisor.md). A Supervisor oversees the world to set or get information about it. To fully understand what is it for, read the description of [Supervisor](../reference/supervisor.md) in the [Webots Reference Manual](https://www.cyberbotics.com/doc/reference/introduction).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [Supervisor](../reference/supervisor.md) oversees a world and can set or get information about it.
This tutorial will teach you:
- How to move objects using the supervisor.
- How to delete a node and spawn another in its place.
- How to track the evolution of an object in the scene.
- How to change the properties of an object, namely its color.

These are only some of the powers of the [Supervisor](../reference/supervisor.md), to fully understand what it is capable of, you should refer to its documentation. 
```

Reviewer: I would write something more like this, so that people know what the tutorial is about and if it interests them.
I haven't checked the formatting, so the test documentation test might not pass.

## Tutorial 8: the Supervisor (30 Minutes)

> This tutorial will explore how to achieve some of these tasks using a [Supervisor](../reference/supervisor.md).

Reviewer: This phrase doesn't make much sense without the rest, the tutorial should still have an intro that explains what is being done there

Author: I think your description is very clear and should go in the reference manual, so I adapted the tutorial to redirect to the reference manual. what do you think?

Author: > What do you think about this?

yes it is better. I have just change the last sentence, what do you think?
